# Friday-Night-Game
The final product resulting from the design is a learning game that illustrates some of the effects of alcohol. The goal of the game is to collect information (called facts in the game) that deals with alcohol before the time runs out. At the end of the game there is a quiz about alcohol that tests the player on the knowledge they have gathered during the game. In the game, the player will be able to consume alcohol, which will cause the player's blood alcohol level to rise. If the player chooses to consume alcohol, visual changes will occur which illustrate the effects of alcohol and which at the same time make it more difficult to gather all the facts. The one visual consequence of consuming alcohol in the game is that the player has difficulty controlling their avatar. This is intended to simulate the loss of motor control that can occur with real-world drinking. The other visual consequence is that the text on the collected facts becomes blurred. It must simulate the learning difficulties that can arise from the harmful use of alcohol.

The game contains 6 rooms. These spaces are: a cloakroom, two bars, a dance floor, an outdoor courtyard and a toilet. The rooms act as a graphics based environment that the player can move to and through to get to the next room. Rooms are changed by pressing buttons. Which buttons/where the buttons are depends on which room the player is in.

The game has a timer. When the timer hits the end time, the game will take the player to the quiz. The purpose of the timer is to limit the playing time, and thus put a time pressure on the player to collect all the facts.
